Unknown Speaker  0:14  
Process that I want us to do after this. So for now, I'm just

Unknown Speaker  0:26  
All right, guys. So in this video, I'm going to be showing you how to find product live. This is the exact process we use for Daniel's store and the process we use for our other case study store that we build. We're going to be using a tool called kalo data. You probably already familiar with this. If not, you need to get familiar with it. What this tool is is a spy for Tiktok shop, meaning, on here, you can see exactly the top trending products on Tiktok shop, and you can see exactly how much they are generating every single day. And this is really good for us, because our strategy revolves around finding products that are trending on Tiktok and bringing them over to Facebook. That is our whole method, and it works extremely well when done properly. So what you want to do here inside of Tiktok shop is go over to the Products section and I'm going to disable these so you guys can see me do these from scratch. And what we're going to do here is we're going to click on all products, and then we're going to fill in these filters. Now I'm just giving you these filters as a placeholder. This is the ones that I use. But if you find that you're struggling to find products, then feel free to experiment with these a little bit more and change them up. So for revenue, what we want to do is around 10,000 to 90,000 you could even go as high as 100,000 but the reason why we're doing this low of revenue is because we do not want to go for these products that are in the millions and millions and millions of sales. These products, in my opinion, are usually rinsed, meaning that all the drop shippers use this platform. So if it's at the multi million level, the chances of you being able to capitalize on that are damn near zero. It's already been rinsed. So we want to go for the smaller revenue numbers. Also, I like to change the launch date to within 30 days, and this will make it so we only see listings that have been put out there in the last 30 days. Now this is just step one of the process, but what we want to do then, and funny enough, there is the product that we found for our case study. Don't sell that product. That product is not going to hit the same right now, we're going to find some better products for you guys in this guide, but what we want to do now is scroll and look for products that hit our criteria. So just as a reminder, if you didn't watch the last video, please go watch it. Our criteria is that it solves a problem. It's a new solution. It's actually being run. We have over 150k on similar web I'll show you all this live. By the way, high profit margins up, so potential, easy to ship, room for improvement. So these are the things that we are looking for. I'm gonna go and just keep scrolling, and I will let you guys know when we find something interesting. Okay, so this product right here, this is actually super exciting. I want to look into this one. So my girl, she is obsessed with Pilates. We spend a lot of money on that, and it's a big trend in the US in general, this whole Pilates thing. And what this product is, is is a portable Pilates board so you can basically do Pilates at home. Now, another reason why we like to use kalo data is because we get access to all the videos from Tiktok shop, and we're actually able to use those videos on Facebook ads to test our products. We don't want to use those videos for scaling because we run the risk of getting our accounts banned, but for quickly testing and experimenting products, we can actually use the content directly from Tiktok shop when you find products elsewhere, like on Facebook, for example, it's a lot harder for you to source the content on here, the contents already ready to go. But let's look into this product a little further, I want to walk you guys through my process on validating something like this. So the first thing that we would want to see is, how well is this product selling outside of Tiktok? Because we see that it's actually starting to scale right now. You can see that the revenue jumped up triple in the last couple days. What happened? They probably had some videos pop up. We want to go to some other platforms to validate the product. And the first one that we want to jump over to is Pilates portable board. So as we can see here, it's doing okay. These two listings have sold over 1000 so we like to see that it's not flying off the shelves. Like sometimes you'll see products that say over 10,020 40, 50,000 sold in the last month. Like I looked at one the other day. It was like Korean face mask, like you'll see sometimes products that are just like 100,000 in the past month. But this is not necessarily a bad thing. Over 1000 sold in the past month with a product at this price point. That's over 100 grand. You know, these other products are a little cheaper, so it doesn't fully check my box of this many sales, but it is having potential for that. The next thing we want to do to validate the product is see if we can find competitors that are actively running ads. So to do this, we want to go to the Facebook ads library. This is basically a big library where you can see all the ads that are active on Facebook. And once we're inside of this platform, we just have to kind of look up the search term. So, pilates, portable. Okay, so we got this brand here next wave, they're selling the board. So that's good. Got this brand anywhere, anytime. Let me introduce it's a horrible ad. We'll get into that in a second. But got this brand, and all I'm doing here is pulling up the brands to the side, and we're going to look into them a little further. We recently introduced the apex premium. That's a different product, but I still want to look into this brand anyways, and then this brand right here. So what I'm going to do now is go to the About section of their page, go to page transparency, and see all and then go to ADS library. And what I'm doing is just seeing how many active ads they're running. So these guys, they're brand new. They only running four ads. They're not making any money. Today is August, 20. They launched this yesterday. They might have gotten a sale, but this is not validating it. I need to see a brand that is actually running a whole suite of ads. For me to consider running this product. You want other people to do the testing for you, so that way you don't have to run the risk. We talk about it in the free training is like, you want to try to mitigate your risk as much as possible. And this is that process. So these guys, Linnell, they are running 120 ads. I want to scroll to the bottom. I want to see how long they've been doing this for. So, yeah. I mean, you can see they've been in business now since last year. That's a good sign. They've been running this product sustainably since last year, since December of last year.

Unknown Speaker  7:06  
And what we can do next is we can actually go to their website shop now, and you can see that this website is quite bad. I mean, it's not how mine looks. And I'll help you guys out when we get into the store, design make something look much better than this. We can use a tool called similar web. It's a free extension. We can see how much traffic they're getting, and it's pretty good guys. These guys are doing over 100,000 visitors a month. I mean, last month they kind of scaled back a bit, but you can see, in general, they're they're doing numbers. I would estimate that this is a multi $100,000 a month brand. So this is a good sign. I'm actually really into this product so far. Let's look at the other competitor. These guys only have five followers, so assume that they have no success. They just started testing. So you can see like this is picking up this product. People are trying to jump on this, which is another good sign. And then we have this brand. I think this brand is the established one. I think these guys are a little bit bigger just based on the way their page looks and the ads that I saw. Yeah, they have 300 ads, which means they're killing it. They're probably making 10k a day or more. So honestly, guys, this is an incredible product. I would even go as far as saying this is the product we should focus on for the case study. But there is a another step in the process that I want us to do after this. So for now, I'm just going to take this product and put it into the sheet. What I want you to do is follow this process, and I want you to fill out this sheet with five products, and once you're done with that, I'm going to give you an AI prompt that's going to tell you exactly which product you should focus on. I also want you to take the product and send them over to one of the coaches or join one of the weekly coaching calls so we can validate it from a human brain as well. That way, you lower your chances of not getting your first sales on your first product test, but I'm going to fill this out right here and then get back to the drawing board and see if we can find some other products. But this one, this one is a banger. And guys, if you're trying to figure out the cost of the product, plus the shipping for now, just pull the product price from AliExpress. We are not going to be using Aliexpress to run our business at scale, but in the very, very beginning stages, we're going to be using Aliexpress to fulfill the first couple orders, because my supplier is not going to hold stock of your product from day one if you are not getting any sales. So all we need to do is use AliExpress for the first couple of orders, and then once we get a little bit of traction, I will fully shift you guys over to the suppliers. But that's a topic for another day. You can just take the price directly from right here. In terms of the sale price, you can literally just go up where your competitors are doing. Honestly, that's what I usually do. And when I make my store I usually steal their price, or sometimes I will lower their price, if it makes sense. But now we can just plug in this formula, and we can just copy that all the way down. But guys, you can see, this product is giving us $96 per order. So that's really good. The only things, in my opinion, that this product falls short on is easy to ship, is it looks like pretty clunky of a product. Rather than that, this product gets five stars. Let me look for some more. Okay, so I've just found another interesting product. I started to do my research, and I found this. So Medicube is basically the biggest skincare brand, I think, in the world, or at least in Korea, and they came out with a new product. It's basically like a toner pad that gets rid of dark spots and pigmentation. And then I went on Amazon and check this out. I mean, these pads are selling like crazy, 4000 10,000 20,000 and this is really a new solution to a painful problem. Because a lot of these, you know, girls out here, they have dark spots on their face, or they have kind of just dull skin. So these polishing pads, this is a new solution to a big problem. Look at the before and after. I really like this product as well. It's fresh, it's unique, it's a new solution, and now we just need to go and look up on Facebook. We can find anybody that is running this. So I'm sure somebody already jumped on this. This is a fresh, fresh ad, right here? You

Unknown Speaker  11:25  
a garbage ad. I mean, it's not really selling anything. What's up with this one?

Unknown Speaker  11:39  
Yeah, this is a banger product, for sure, sells like crazy on Amazon. Nobody's really cracked it yet on Facebook, from what I'm seeing, let me try their turn and say, k beauty pad, yeah, I will have to do some more digging on specific terms. But this is definitely a great product, and the MAR designs are really good. I went to Alibaba for this one just to get the more exact price. And you can see that this is very similar. You can see that it's going for about 225 super lightweight product. So with shipping, we can say it's around four bucks sale price. What were those other guys selling it for 4999 Yeah, take that one to the bank. For sure. I wouldn't sell it that expensive. I would probably do 3999 with the bundles and bonuses and everything that I'm going to teach you guys how to do, we can get it up to $50 or even more, but we wouldn't start it there. So yeah, we fill out the rest of the info. This is another home run product. This product can easily scale to 10k plus per day. It's just a matter of finding that best marketing angle and really getting on Facebook as soon as possible with it all right. So now we have two products that are really good. I know both these products are at least $1,000 a day products. I just want to find one more, because I want to give you guys more live examples so you can get a visual of what I consider to be a good product. Remember, it all has to hit under this criteria, but I know some of you guys are more visual learners. So the more products I can show you, the more helpful. It'll probably be okay. This is another interesting product they just very recently launched it. It is a body wash that fights acne. So it's a body wash for you know, back acne and all these things. I'm gonna look into this a little bit more. And. and do our kind of validation process. So first we're gonna go to Amazon, body wash for acne. You can see that there is some demand for this. 9k here, 40k here, this is good. 6k here. So this is a good problem. Let's go the next step further and see on Facebook ad library I don't love.

Unknown Speaker  14:13  
is a completely different product, but I'm just curious what they're running right here. It looks like it's a hair, hair formula specifically for black women. And it's kind of like a roller which I actually kind of found this one an accident, but I actually like this a lot. Yeah, they're running 130 ads for this. Oh yeah, this is perfect. And this is actually an AI store. You guys can come up on products just like how I did. You know, we're, we're not always having to pull directly from from Kayla. We can find stuff on Facebook, ads library, even on our Facebook feed as well, so long as it hits on our criteria, this is a good product. I mean, they're not running it, I think for that long, you see, yeah, they started in July. This is, this is perfect. Actually, this is a perfect product. They started running this in July. They scaled it now to over 100 ads. They're probably making around $1,000 a day or more, and the product is fully with AI like, this is a fake girl. This website is not perfect. I promise you, you're gonna learn in the next module how to make a website that looks 10 times better than this. And yeah, we can, we can go to bat which we can compete against these guys. I

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
