Unknown Speaker  0:07  
See you there.

Unknown Speaker  0:14  
This section is all about product and market research. This is arguably the most important step of the process. If we don't have a successful market and a validated product, it's going to be basically impossible to see results. So that's why I need you guys to pay full attention to everything in this section, and by the end of this section, you should have some validated and decent products to move forward with building your store with. Now I start this section talking about markets which is super undervalued and underrated, because I think it's actually the most effective I would argue and say nothing is more important than having a winning market. It's the same reason why, back during covid times, you could take the most boring and stupid products like a face mask or a box that disinfects your iPhone and make millions of dollars a month selling those things. Those products by themselves, were not particularly exciting, but the market around those products was absolutely booming, and the results spoke for themselves. Or take, for example, trying to sell ski jackets in the summer. It's just not going to work, because the market is not there for it. So when we can go to where the attention is flowing, and we can go to where there is already massive demand, we're going to have a much happier life, and we're going to be able to have success so much faster. So I want to give you guys some examples of markets that I consider to be good and markets I consider to be bad. Basically, I'm holding your hand here and just telling you straight up, stay away from these markets on the left. Don't sell gadgets like little gimmicky toys or computer gear, webcams, lights, all that. Stay away from all that. Now, apparel is an interesting one, because apparel is actually the number one ranking e commerce category in the world. But man, as a beginner, I just don't recommend it. You have so many compliance issues in terms of sizing, you have needs, you have so many refunds from customers. You can figure it out if you have a big budget, and when you figure it out, there's almost nothing better than apparel. But as a beginner, it's way too complicated, and I wouldn't recommend it. I would also stay away from toys, just little things, because they go through cycles like y'all don't see people playing with the same toys that they did 1015, years ago or even five years ago. When's the last time you seen somebody with a fidget spinner like toys go through these cycles. We want to find products that can sell all year every year, things that help people's lives, things that people can use and actually improve their day to day, products that can stand on their own regardless of the season. We want to stay away from gimmicky stuff, gag gifts, copyrighted products, stuff that's like Pokemon, Harry Potter as a stay away from all that. Don't sell anything within these categories. Now I just want you guys, if I'm being fully transparent, if you want to have the most success in this game, just go ahead and pick one of the these four markets. You can't go wrong with them. Health, if I'm not mistaken, is the second or third biggest category in all of E commerce, beauty as well as either the second or third biggest. And then pet care and baby care. I put not toys, just to be super clear, because I'm talking about products that help pets live a better life. We just did a case study. We took a store from zero to $1,500 in a week, and the product that we sold was in the pet care space. It was a flea and tick. Choose for dogs. We don't want to sell pet toys. We don't sell baby toys. We want to sell care products, health products, in general, health and beauty is where you guys want to focus most of your resources on when doing product research. These are the industries that I've made all my money in. This are the industries that we did in the case study that I showed you guys with Daniel's store, my multi million dollar store, was in the health I just want you guys to pick from one of these four options. I don't want you to go and do super deep research about the markets. We are going to go from starting with a broad market to a hyper specific market, but we're not going to do that right away. We're going to start broad. So that way we have the freedom to test different products freely, and once we find a product that is starting to get traction, that's when we're going to go extremely specific and really try to be the number one seller of that product, I think that's the most beginner friendly strategy. There are people that come into the game with years of experience and 10s of 1000s of dollars, and they go straight to the hyper specific markets because they know or have a better idea of what's going to work. They have the money to make it work, and they have the skills to make it happen. Whereas you as a beginner that. First product that you launch is not going to be the one that sets you free. I mean, maybe I hope so, but I've never seen that happen, unless you already have some experience. So you need to start broad with a store that you can test products on. From that testing phase, we can figure out very quickly which markets are showing the most potential, which products are showing the most potential, and then we can go all in on that specific product. So hopefully this is making sense to you guys. If you take anything away from this video, is that having a win crucial just to simplify your life, these are the winning markets. Just pick from one of these four. And the last thing I would say in terms of making that decision is pick a market that you are familiar with. Guys might want to jump on and sell beauty because they saw Hailey Bieber just sold her company for a billion dollars, but they never went to Sephora in their life, or they don't even have a girlfriend who puts on makeup, so they know nothing about makeup, then probably you shouldn't sell beauty because you're not going to be able to communicate in language that they use you don't understand their problems, their wants, their needs, their desires, probably better for you to stick to health. Same with the women. If you have an obsession with beauty and makeup will break. That's perfect. You should definitely focus on building a beauty store. Or if you're a parent and you have children, you're going to have a huge advantage over me if we both start stores selling products for parents, no question about it. So try to pick a market that you're familiar with. I put here in parentheses, not passionate, because you don't have to be passionate about it. Like, I don't want you to, like, be like, Oh, but I don't want to start a health story, because my passion is in selling jewelry. I was like, Okay, you can go and do that, but I'm showing you the best way online, with e com and drop shipping jewelry is not the way. I can promise you that. So pick a market from these four, or something very close to these four. Pick something you're familiar with, and then let's move on, because once you have the basic kind of box, let's say Help For example, that's what I'm going to focus on for this entire training program. Once you have that basic box, it helps you identify products. Because if we're just looking for every product always, we're going to have a really rough time. Because with the method I'll show you, there are literally 10s of 1000s of products to choose from, and they're all great. So how the heck are you going to possibly know which one to go for if you don't at least narrow it down a little bit? So with that being said, these are the winning markets. These are all my thoughts about markets, and in the next video, we're going to actually jump in and teach you guys my product research process. So I'll see you there.

Unknown Speaker  8:04  
All right, it's time to get into the fun stuff. In this video, I'm going to be teaching you guys everything you need to know about finding your first successful product. And I want to start this off by going through what I consider to be my winning product criteria. I know I said in the last video, winning products aren't a thing, and basically what I meant by that is that you're not just going to stumble upon a random product someday, and that product is going to be the reason why you get rich. It's a much deeper process than that. In fact, I'm a firm believer that we create winning products, but all that being said, when you're doing product research, these are the things that your product has to have for you to even consider running it on your store. So make a note of these. I'm going to be giving you guys also a document in a second here where it has this criteria right there on it. But we're going to go through each of these one by one. So pay attention. Need to understand this stuff. The first thing is that the product must solve a painful problem. The product must actually fix a pain in somebody's life. My multi million dollar product, the sleep band. This product helped people fall asleep faster. Insomnia is a huge pain point, and then it goes into deeper pain points. Well, since you didn't sleep, now you're tired, and you're tired now you're not able to perform at your work or in the gym. It's a painful problem. Alternatively, the product also had headphones that blocked out noise. So another pain point that we leaned on was that some people's partners, they snore really loud at night, or they live in a community where they might not be able to have that peace and quiet, well, boom, we fixed that. We fixed a lot of these painful problems for people with our product, and that's where we were able to scale the product. The product that we scaled in Daniel's case study was a patch that helped people fix their nail fungus. That's a painful problem. People are embarrassed to wear flip flops. People are embarrassed to go outside. I'll give one more example. We built a case study store selling flea and tick Chews. That's a super painful problem. You're watching your baby boy struggle with fleas every single day, and you can't figure it out. So boom. We've got the solution. If the product doesn't solve a painful problem, none of this other stuff matters. I put these in a very specific order, basically saying, like, if one is missing, then you can't even go on to the next one. So when looking for products, make sure you follow this list. And the first and most important thing is that it has to solve a pain twice. You guys not to focus on gadgets and all that other stuff. Focus on pain, problem solving product, and you'll start making sales way faster. The next thing is that the product has to be a new or a unique solution to that painful problem, the sleep band. My product was a new solution. It wasn't just a sleep mask that you've been seeing for 25 years. It's a sleep mask with headphones. It's something different with the fungus patch. It wasn't just a topical ointment that you put on there, like you see at Walgreens. It is a patch that you wear overnight. That's new. I've never seen that before. Why is this important? Well, one because you're on dopamine Wonderland on social media, everybody's getting targeted with all these ads all the time. So if your product doesn't stand out, or, even worse, they feel like they can go and get the product from their local store. Well, the chances of them buying their product from you are near zero. Okay, so you need to find the new and unique solution, and I'm going to show you how to do that. Don't worry. But it's very important that you understand that whatever you bring to market has to be new. If you can get it in the store, you probably shouldn't be selling now, just to be clear, they should have solutions to your problem in the store, because that means that you're serving a big enough problem, sleeve, fitness, whatever, but your solution should feel fresh, and you're going to have way more successful way. The next thing is, you need to find products that are actively running on Facebook, and I'm going to show you guys some tools to do this. So don't worry. If this sounds scary to you, it's super easy. Actually. In my opinion, finding a product is one of the easiest parts of this whole thing. It's not hard to find these products. I'm going to show you how to find 100 winning products in two hours, if you just listen to me, over the next 30 minutes. But you need to find a product that's actively being ran because we do not want to be the first person to market these products. We do not want to be the first person to try to make money off of something that's stupid. Why would we do that? Why would we not rather go and find the product that's already making millions and millions of dollars a year and just try to get our little piece of the pie. They did all the testing, they did all the experimenting, they took on all the risk. Why don't we just piggyback off of what's already worth that's what smart people do. I just recently invested in a eight figure e commerce company, and these guys were not the first ones to bring this product to market. It's a product that had been running for years. They just stepped in and added their own touch to it, and now they're doing over eight figures a year. So you don't have to be a pioneer in e com. You just have to focus on what's already working, and the next thing you want to look at to look at to determine if it's working, is there similar web traffic? Again, I'm going to show you all this, so I'm not going to go super deep into that, but similar web is just a tool that shows you how many visitors they get on their website every single month. This is super valuable for beginners, because you can quickly, at a glance, figure out if somebody's actually making money or not. Now, these are crucial. I see a lot of people get into drop shipping, and they go and try to sell these products with extremely low profit margins. Make five, 610, bucks per sale. No, you need to find something with high profit margins. I do like 25 plus. The reason for this being is that it's expensive these days. Man, Facebook, no joke. These days, if CPMs are higher, the competition is greater than ever. You need to have a margin to afford to get these customers. So make sure that you have a margin of at least 20 to $25 minimum, minimum, minimum, the more the merrier. Our winning offer that we have right now is around a $60 profit margin. So keep that in mind when doing product research. The next thing we need to look for is, is it easy to ship? We don't want to sell desktop computers and we don't want to sell gigantic medical devices, because we're going to get destroyed on the shipping cost. We're going to get destroyed on the logistical issues. The products that I've always sold over the years have been extremely light. You can usually put them in a little bag. You don't need a big box. It costs me next to nothing to ship. They cost me pennies to ship. Makes everything run way easier. And the last one that most people don't look at, but I think it's my ace in the hole. It's the thing that's made me successful at ecom, is that I'm always

Unknown Speaker  14:07  
looking for room for improvement.

Unknown Speaker  14:11  
Basically means you're trying to find holes in your competitors ship. You're trying to find things that they're doing wrong that you can improve upon. Sometimes it's their website, sometimes it's their offer, sometimes it's their video. As a beginner, it's hard to identify these things. I'm going to be honest with you, by the time you go through this course, you'll be able to understand which of these is lacking and where you can improve. We're not going to be the first one to these products. So therefore, when we get into the game, we have to do something to stand out, or something to compete, and nine times out of 10, that's going to be improving a piece of our competitors funnel. This is a huge detail that we're going to continue to touch on through the entirety of this training program. But I just want you guys to take note of all this right here, because this is your foundation. This is your ascent. Show things that you need to know when looking for products. And the last thing I put here is room for adaptation. Now, what does that mean? Adaptation in this context, I don't have the biggest vocabulary, so maybe a better word, adaptation in this context simply means, hey, if competitor A is selling one product, what if we could find another product that's just like his, but it has a different element to it. So just to stick with what we've been talking about, health and all these things, if somebody is selling a ear wax tool, that's like a physical tool that you stick in your ear, and they're absolutely crushing it, they're getting millions of visitors to the site, making a ton of money. Well, that means that we know that this market is hot and there's massive demand here. So what could we do? We could go and find a different product that solves the same problem you get. I'm saying so when we find these competitors that are absolutely crushing, when we find these products that check all these boxes, the last thing we want to look at before saying, Hey, we can go ahead with this product is, can we improve this? Or even better, can we find a new or fresh solution or angle that right there is the secret to turning a basic product into a winning product. Is that last point right there? And I'm going to show you guys how to do all this. I know right now. This might seem very complicated, but it's going to get real simple as we go through the rest of the training. So in the next video, I'm going to be going through live and showing you guys exactly how I find these products and find a couple of them with you. And on this sheet right here that you can find in the resources section, you can see all of the winning product criteria directly in front of your face. So now at a glance, you can look back and see these bullet points, so you know what you're looking for. But let's jump into the next video where we actually go out and find some products together.

Unknown Speaker  16:58  
Fill this out right here. All right, guys, so in this video showing you how to find products live, this is the exact process we use for Daniel store, and the process we use for our other case study store that we build, we're going to be using a tool called kalo data. You probably already familiar with this. If not, you need to get familiar with it. What this tool is is is a spy for Tiktok shop, meaning, on here, you can see exactly the top trending products on Tiktok shop, and you can see exactly how much they are generating every single day. And this is really good for us, because our strategy revolves around finding products that are trending on Tiktok and bringing them over to Facebook. That is our whole method, and it works extremely well when done properly. So what you want to do here inside of Tiktok shop is go over to the Products section, and I'm going to disable these so you guys can see me do these from scratch. And what we're going to do here is we're going to click on all products, and then we're going to fill in these filters. Now, just giving you these filters as a placeholder. This is the ones that I use. But if you find that you're struggling to find products, then feel free to experiment with these a little bit more and change them up. So for revenue, what we want to do is around 10,000 to 90,000 you could even go as high as 100,000 but the reason why we're doing this low of revenue is because we do not want to go for these products that are in the millions and millions and millions of sales. These products, in my opinion, are usually rinsed, meaning that all the drop shippers use this platform. So if it's at the multi million level, the chances of you being able to capitalize on that are damn near zero. It's already been rinsed. So we want to go for the smaller revenue numbers. Also, I like to change the launch date to within 30 days, and this will make it so we only see listings that have been put out there in the last 30 days. Now this one of the process, but what we want to do then, and funny enough, there is the product that we found for our case study. Don't sell that product. That product. That product is not going to hit the same right now, we're going to find some better products for you guys in this guide, but what we want to do now is scroll and look for products that hit our criteria. So just as a reminder, if you didn't watch the last video, please go watch it. Our criteria is that it solves a problem. It's a new solution. It's actually being run. We have over 150k on similar Web. I'll show you all this live. By the way, high profit margins up, so potential, easy to ship, room for improvement. So these are the things that we are looking for. I'm gonna go and just keep scrolling, and I will let you guys know when we find something interesting. Okay, so this product right here, this is actually super exciting. I want to look into this one. So my girl, she is a Pilates we spend a lot of money on that, and it's a big trend in the US in general, this whole Pilates thing. And what this product is, is a portable Pilates board so you can basically do Pilates at home. Show. Now another reason why we like to use calo data is because we get access to all the videos from Tiktok shop, and we're actually able to use those videos on Facebook ads to test our products. We don't want to use those videos for scaling because we run the risk of getting our accounts banned, but for quickly testing and experimenting products. We can actually use the content directly from Tiktok shop when you find products elsewhere, like on Facebook, for example, it's a lot harder for you to sort on on here, the contents already ready to go. But let's look into this product a little further. I want to walk you guys through my process on validating something like this. So the first thing that we would want to see is, how well is this product selling outside of Tiktok? Because we see that it's actually starting to scale right now. You can see that the revenue jumped up triple in the last couple days. I don't know what happened. They probably had some videos pop off. We want to go to some other platforms to validate the product. And the first one that we want to jump over to is Pilates portable board. So as we can see here, it's doing okay. These two listings have sold over 1000 so we like to see that it's not flying off the shelves like sometimes you'll see products that say over 10,020 40, 50,000, sold in the last month. Like I looked at one the other day. It was like Korean face mask, like you'll see sometimes products that are just like 1000 in the past month. But this is not necessarily a bad thing. Over 1000 sold in the past month with a product at this price point that's over 100 grand. You know, these other products are a little cheaper, so it doesn't fully check my box of this many sales, but it is having potential for that. The next thing we want to do to validate the product is see if we can find competitors that are actively running ads. So to do this, we want to go to the Facebook ads library. This is basically a big library where you can see all the ads that are active on Facebook. And once we're inside of this platform, we just have to kind of look up the search term. So, pilates, portable. Okay, so we got this brand here. Next Wave, they're selling the board, so that's good.

Unknown Speaker  22:17  
Got this brand anywhere, anytime

Unknown Speaker  22:22  
it's a horrible ad. We'll get into that in a second. But got this brand, and all I'm doing here is pulling up the brands to the side, and we're going to look into them a little further. We recently introduced the apex. That's a different product, but I still want to look into this brand anyways, and then this brand right here. So what I'm going to do now is go to the About section of their page, go to page transparency, and see all and then go to ADS library, and what I'm doing is just seeing how many active ads they're running. So these guys, they're brand new. They only running four ads. They're not making any money. Today is August, 20. They launched this yesterday. They might have gotten a sale, but this is not validating it. I need to see a brand that is actually running a whole suite of ads. For me to consider running this product. You want others to do the testing for you, so that way you don't have to run the risk we talk about it in the free training is like you want to try to mitigate your risk as much as possible, and this is that process. So these guys, Linnell, they are running 120 ads. I want to scroll to the bottom. I want to see how long they've been doing this for. So, yeah, I mean, you can see they've been in business now since last year. That's a good sign. They've been running this product sustainably since last year, since December of last year. And what we can do next is we can actually go to their website shop now, and you can see that this website is quite bad. I mean, it's not how mine looks. And I'll help you guys out when we get into the store design make something look much better than this. We can use a tool called similar web. It's a free extension. We can see how much traffic they're getting, and it's pretty good. Guys. These guys are doing 100,000 visitors a month. I mean, last month they kind of scaled back a bit, but you can see, in general, they're they're doing numbers. I would estimate that this is a multi $100,000 a month brand. So this is a good sign. I'm actually really into this product so far. Let's look at the other competitor. These guys only have five followers, so assume that they have no success. They just started testing. So you can see, like this is picking up this product. People are trying to jump on this, which is another good sign. And then we have this brand. I think this brand is the established one. I think these guys are a little bit bigger, just based on the way their page looks and the ads that I saw. Yeah, they have 300 ads, which means they're killing it. They're probably making 10k a day or more. So honestly, guys, this is an incredible I would even go as far as saying this is the product we should focus on for the case study. But there is a another step in the process that. I want us to do after this. So for now, I'm just going to take this product and put it into the sheet. What I want you to do is follow this process, and I want you to fill out this sheet with five products. And once you're done with that, I'm going to give you an AI prompt that's going to tell you exactly which product you should focus on. I also want you to take the product and send them over to one of the coaches or join one of the weekly coaching calls so we can validate it from a human brain as well. That way, you lower your chances of not getting your first sales on your first product test. But I'm going to fill this out right here and then get back to the drawing board and see if we can other products, but this one, this one is a banger. And guys, if you're trying to figure out the cost of the product, plus the shipping for now, just pull the product price from AliExpress. We are not going to be using Aliexpress to run our business at scale, but in the very, very beginning stages, we're going to be using Aliexpress to fulfill the first couple orders, because my supplier is not going to hold stock of your product from day one if you are not getting any sales. So all we need to do is use AliExpress for the first couple of orders, and then once we get a little bit of traction, I will fully shift you guys over to the suppliers. But that's a topic for another day. You can just take the price directly from right here in terms of the sale price, you can literally just go off where your competitors are doing. That's what I usually do. And when I make my store, I usually steal their price, or sometimes I will lower their price, if it makes sense. But now we can just plug in this formula and we can just copy that all the way down. But guys, you can see this product is giving us $96 per order. So that's really good. The only things, in my opinion, that this product falls short on is easy to ship, is it looks like pretty clunky of a product. Rather than that, this product gets five stars. Let me look for some more. Okay, so I've just found another interesting product. I started doing my research, and I found this. So Medicube is basically the biggest skincare brand, I think, in the world, or at least in Korea, and they came out with a new product. It's basically like one pad that gets rid of dark spots and pigmentation. And then I went on Amazon and check this out. I mean, these pads are selling like crazy, 4000 10,000 20,000 you and this is really a new solution to a painful problem, because a lot of these, you know, girls out here, they have dark spots on their face, or they have kind of just dull skin. So these polishing pads, this is a new solution to a big problem. Look at the before and after. I really like this product as well. It's fresh, it's unique. It's a new solution, and now we just need to go and look up on Facebook if we can find anybody that is running this. So I'm sure somebody already jumped on this. This is a fresh, fresh ad right here.

Unknown Speaker  27:59  
Pretty garbage ad. I mean, it's not really selling anything. What's up with this one?

Unknown Speaker  28:13  
Yeah, this is a banger product, for sure, sells like crazy. On Amazon. Nobody's really cracked it yet. On Facebook, from what I'm seeing, let me try their turn and say, k beauty pad, yeah. I will have to do some more digging on specific terms. But this is definitely a great product, and the margins on it are really good. I went to Alibaba for this one just to get the more exact price, and you could see that this is very similar. You can see that it's going for about 225, super lightweight product. So with shipping, we can say it's around four bucks sale price. What were those other guys selling it for? 4999 Yeah, take that one to the bank. For sure. I wouldn't sell it that expensive. I would probably do 3999 with the bundles and bonuses and everything that I'm going to teach you guys how to do, we can get it up to $50 or even more, but we wouldn't start it there. So yeah, we fill out the rest of the info. This is another home run product. This product can easily scale to 10k plus per day. It's just a matter of finding that best marketing angle and really getting on Facebook as soon as possible with it. All right, so now we have two products that are really good. I know both these products are at least $1,000 a day products. I just want to find one more, because I want to give you a live example, so you can get a visual of what I consider to be a good product. Remember, it all has a hit under this criteria, but I know some of you guys are more visual learners, so the more products I can show you, the more helpful. It'll probably be okay. This is another interesting product they just very recently launched it. It is a body wash that fights acne. So it's a body wash for, you know, back acne and all these things. I'm gonna look into this a little bit more and do our kind of validation process. So first we're gonna go to Amazon body wash for acne. Can see that there is some demand for this. 9k here, 40k here, this is good. 6k here, so this is a good let's go the next step further and see on Facebook ad library. I don't love this product as much as the other three, but it definitely can still sell, getting a lot of just weird and random ads that are not even making sense. So as you can see, like off the RIP, like we're not really finding this product, like we were the other one. Let me look up another term that people are using, Salic acid. Sorry, I didn't go to college, so I probably completely butchered that. Here we go. Nope. Remedies again.

Unknown Speaker  30:45  
Him. Funny enough. This is a completely different product, but I'm just curious what they're running right here. It's a hair, hair formula specifically for black women. And it's kind of like a roller which I actually kind of found this one an accident, but I actually like this a lot. Yeah, they're running 130 ads for this. Oh yeah, this is perfect. And this is actually an AI store. You guys can come up on products just like how I did. You know, we're we're not always having to pull directly from from Kayla. We can find stuff on Facebook ads library, even on our Facebook feed as well, so long as it hits on our criteria, this is a good product. I mean, they're not running it, I think for that long. Yeah, they started in July. This is this is perfect. This is a perfect product. They started running this in July. They scaled it now to over 100 ads. They're probably making around $1,000 a day or more, and the product is fully with AI like, this is a fake girl. This website is not perfect. I promise you, you're going to learn in the next module how to make a website that looks 10 times better than this. And yeah, we can. We can go to bat with these guys. We can compete against these guys. So I'm going to go ahead and add this product to the list as well. I think that this one is a banger. An important note that I want to add here is they've taken a product that's really simple, right? Like just a hair regrowth serum. We've been seeing hair regrowth serum since we were kids, right? You all Bosley commercials, and honestly, it's not a new product whatsoever. I'm gonna tell you the secret guys, and we're gonna learn this when we get into advertising. The secret is that they took the product and they targeted it towards a very specific angle. That's the difference between a beginner drop shipper and an advanced drop shipper. A beginner drop shipper would just say everyone here's a serum that restores your hair overnight. But a smart marketer will pick a specific segment with a very specific problem and target them with a broad, basic solution that, my friends, is how you have success in this ecom game, and we're gonna get deeper into that in the later videos. But let me add this to the sheet now and then we'll wrap this video up. All right, so now we've finished our I want you guys to do five products. I'm not gonna do five because this video would drag on a little too long. What we're gonna do next is we're going to use AI to tell us which of these products has the most potential before moving forward. And I also want you guys to submit these products to the coaches so you can get them reviewed by real humans that have experience as well. But we're going to be using AI in the next video to validate one of these three products so we know exactly which one we should move forward with all three of these products have insane potential. They check all the boxes, so make sure before you send them for validation, you actually double checked that the products hit the cradle. This was fun. I love product research. It can be a little frustrating. Sometimes you hit some walls, but when you find a good product, nothing beats that feeling. So I'll see you guys in the next video.

Unknown Speaker  33:55  
Highest to lowest priority, and this is going to be super helpful to us, but let me tell you guys exactly how to feed this prompt so you actually get all right guys. So in this video, we are going to be using AI to help us decide which product we should move forward with. Now there's a couple different copy and paste prompts I've given to you guys in the resources. The first one that you need to implement is the master prompt. I talked about this in previous videos, but if you didn't see this already, I'm just going to explain it one more time. To explain it one more time. It's super important. What you need to do in chat GPT is create a new project and then go to the instructions and then copy and paste the master prompt. The reason being is that it's going to change this whole chat GPT. It's going to make it focus exclusively on e com and give just overall better advice. So after we've set up our chat GPT project, we want to go in here into the copy and paste prompts. And if we're just trying to validate one product, we're going to go to the product validator. But in our case, we want to compare some products against each other. So we're going to be using the product launch process. Priority. And essentially, what this prompt is going to do is it's going to analyze the demand of these products and rank them from highest to lowest priority, and be super helpful to us. But let me tell you guys exactly how to feed this prompt so you actually get good advice. So first of course, you have to put the right product. So what I would recommend is put the name and then put the Alibaba link, because they can read Alibaba links. I'm hitting shift plus enter, by the way, that's how I'm able to make a space. You definitely don't have to make a space. I just have OCD. So I like to make everything look clean and organized, but you want to make sure you double check to that it's the right product. Otherwise it'll throw the whole thing off. So yeah, we put the link there, and then we also want to put the last one growth roller for black women. Boom. All right. So once we have the links and the product names in there, it pretty much has everything else filled out for you. The big thing that I need you guys to do change this up top to pro and then click right here and do deep research. Now what this is going to do is take it from a regular chat GBT prompt to next level research. It's going to take about 10 minutes to spit out the information that we're looking for, but it's so worth it. Like the general chat GPT response is pretty mid this actually gives an incredible response. So, so now I'm just going to ask questions. Make sure you answer the questions. In general, the answers to this is saying what countries we're going to be doing? Big Five countries. Target landed costs. Yes, I do have a target costs. Say, try to answer these questions as best as possible, and I help give way better answers. Do you have any experience or existing audience? No, alright, so boom, now it's gonna go and spit out our research, and I'll come back to you guys when it's all done. Okay, so after nine minutes, we've got this in depth analysis of which product is the best. So we've got in first place the portable pilates reformer. I'm just going to kind of skim through this. The foldable Pilates machines are the strongest. Pilates is booming. Social media is flooded, flooded with these. Competitor landscape is active, but there's no dominant brand yet. Yeah. Profit margins are sick. Marketing angles are compelling. Yeah, so this is the one that they want us to focus on. And I was thinking the same thing. To be honest, I like the second one a lot as well. But just in terms of checking all my boxes, the Pilates by reformer was what I was looking for as well. Good job. Chat, GPT, we're on the same page. And then you can see it here. It puts a growth re roller as a second priority, started as a passionate niche black woman experiencing hair loss. And I do think that this product could definitely sell. If you guys are thinking of product, this is a good angle to look into. And I'm curious why I said this is the lowest. Skincare pads are useful. This product scores the weakest on our criteria. Market demand is comparatively mild. Toner pads. Aha, see, I didn't notice toner pads have been around for years and don't normally generate buzz. There's a recent trend repurposing these pads, but that hype centers on established brands. So if you're coming in as a new brand, not even a brand as a new name in this space, nobody's going to jump and buy your thing. So yeah, with that being said, I think we should jump on this portable pilates reformer. We can sell this product for a lot of money. We can do up. We can make a really nice, professional looking store. We can we can keep our store broad in the beginning stages, making it just around like health and kind of women's health in general. And yeah, let's give it a try, guys, that's what we're going to focus going to focus on in the next module. In the next module, I'm going to be teaching you guys how to build a store for this product and really make it ready for launch. So again, make sure you guys do this sheet. Fill out five products, put it through chat, and then also, if you want to get that final validation, submit it to the coaches as well. You know, you might get some varying opinions between the human and the robots. That's life. If I was going to say, Who should you more? Listen to the coaches. Alright, listen to the coaches. But if you're looking for a quick answer, you can always come and rely on chatgpt. So I'll see you guys in the next video.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
