Unknown Speaker  0:13  
Right. Welcome to the AI commerce Academy. In this first video, I need you to watch this entire thing, because I'm going to help you build the foundation for success and give you a few everything you can expect from this program. First things first, you need to understand how to win, because there are many people who are going to get inside of this that are not going to have results because they didn't listen to what I'm about to say. Right now, if you do this, you're basically 10 Xing your chances of success. First things first, you need to make use of our community. Now, inside of our community, as you guys know, we have coaches that are there to help you, these people are literally hired to answer your questions. Some of them have hundreds of 1000s of dollars in revenue on their e commerce Store, some of them have over a million dollars in revenue. These people know what they're talking about, and they can help you with the day to day problems. Please make sure you're using this you paid for it. These people are waiting to help you out. So what I suggest is that you submit everything that you do for review when you make a product page, send it to them for review. When you even find a product that you like, send it to them for review. When you make an ad, send it to them for review. Just trust me when I say I've been coaching people in E commerce for so many years, this is the difference between the people that make it and the people that don't. So please make sure that you're submitting everything into the coaches for review. Make sure you're asking questions, just like they used to say back in school. There are no stupid questions. Don't be afraid to reach out. We're here to help now. With that being said, you can figure out a lot of these things on your own through Google and through chat, GPT. So when it comes to reaching out to the coaches, really try to reach out for specialized questions, like, Hey, I finished this website. Can you take a look? Hey, I finished this ad. Can you take a look? Do not ask the coach. How do I sign up for a Facebook account? No, don't. Don't be asking them stuff like that. The next things is the coaching calls. Now, every single week, we are doing multiple coaching calls in a group setting, so you guys will actually get the chance to hop on with me one of the days of the week, and the rest of the days it will be with some of our other successful e commerce coaches. Now the schedule is inside of the program, somewhere in this section, somewhere on this page, you should be able to find the schedule. Please follow the schedule. Please add it to your notes. Please add it to your calendar again. You paid the money to be a part of this program, and the coaching calls are one of the most valuable things of the program. If you want to make it, if you want to be successful with this thing, you need to be surrounded by other people that are also trying to do it, and the coaching calls is the best place to do that. So make sure you're attending as many of the coaching calls as you can is going to massively increase your chances of success. Now last thing is, follow instructions and do not skip steps. I am going to lay out exactly what to do. I'm going to go in and do everything live right in front of you. So it's important that you follow everything that I'm teaching, and you don't skip any steps. Don't try to cut corners. You're going to lose the race that way. You're going to get disqualified that way. Follow the path that we created for you. Do everything we say, and your chances of success are just 10x like I said before. Now this is the roadmap that we're going to be following over the next eight weeks. If you do everything I tell, you, show up to the coaching calls and use the community. This is a realistic timeline of what results you can expect to see. Some people may move faster than this. Some may move slower, but all that matters is that you're consistently moving forward every day. It's all about this 1% improvement. Somebody like me, I've been in this game for so many years, I can do this whole process in like 24 hours. But for somebody that's just starting out, I give you guys this realistic timeline because I want you not to rush, but also not to move too slow. This is a good timeline to get things going. In the first week, we're going to help you find a product, and we're to help get your store off the ground. If you listen to what I'm saying, you should get your first sale by the end of the first week. Then after that, we're going to enter the testing phase, which is where a lot of you guys will spend the majority of your time the testing phase is when we're testing different products and different offers, trying to find something that we can actually scale profitably. Once we find that we're going to start scaling, and that's when we're going to start hitting a couple $100 a day, start getting some money in our pockets, start actually seeing the fruits of our labor. After that, we're going to be setting up systems so that we actually scale this thing and run it for months and years to come. That means we set up a supplier, we turn it from a drop shipping store into a brand. We set up some systems so the business runs without you, and then we set up the operation so everything runs smoothly without falling apart. And then we scale this bad boy past $1,000 A day, as you guys saw in the case study with Daniel, we were able to do this in less than four weeks. I've done challenges on my YouTube channel where I've got to that $1,000 a day mark in 48 hours, 72 hours. So you know, it doesn't have to take you eight weeks, but for most of you guys, I think this is the speed that you should be aiming towards, and that way you're going to be focused on quality and making everything as good as possible. I want to talk about one concept in this video, the concept that genuinely changed my life, and I believe the concept that made me successful. I read this book called The Slight Edge by Jeff Olson when I was 19 years old, and this book changed my whole outlook on life. And essentially, what this book talks about is how these tiny 1% actions that we make every single day compound into extraordinary results. And the thing is, most people do not realize what these 1% actions that they're taking every single day even are. For example, getting fat is not a matter of you just have one bad day of eating. It is a consistent process of you eating just a little bit more than you should. That's how it creeps up on you. That's how people hit 35 and they look at themselves say, Oh, I don't know how this even happened. It wasn't one decision that made you that way. It was a compound effect of little decisions that you didn't even notice that you were making. And I found that success in business is the exact same way. If you look at your bank account today, you see a number in there that you're probably not happy with. And I hate to be the one to tell you this, but it is simply a reflection of the actions that you've been taking over the last 10 plus years of your life. So if you are expecting to change that number in your bank account, well guess what? The only way to do that is to change your actions. So when you look at your days over this next eight weeks, what I want you to focus on is doing the uncomfortable things that move the needle forward. What I want you to focus on is trying to learn something new every single day. And if I could simplify it into one sentence, it is, try to get 1% better every single day. Do something every day that is moving you one step closer to the goal that you have, which is building a successful online store, and I promise you it will shock you and amaze you the end result that you get out of it. I've seen it happen 1000s of times. It happened in my life, and I know that this can happen for you as well. So I actually recommend that you guys go read this book. I think that's a good first win for you guys. But regardless whether you decide to read that or not, it reflects a lot of your discipline and where you're at. Even if you don't, it's time to get to work. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm leaving you guys with the seven day first sale checklist. If you follow this checklist, bar for bar, I promise you you're going to get your first sale this week. As long as you do everything on the checklist, you watch the videos, you follow the steps, you submit everything for review, there's like a 95% chance that you get your first sale. And let me tell you guys getting your first sale. I don't know if there's a better feeling in the world. I've made 10s of millions of dollars, and when I start a new store, and I get my first sale. The dopamine rush that it sends off in my brain is up there with the best that I've ever had. So guys, welcome to the AI commerce Academy. I'm super grateful to have you inside of this program, and I'm super honored that you decided to work with me, and I'm going to give it my best to help you guys achieve your goals with this e commerce thing. So let's get it, man. I'll see you guys in the next.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
